README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  🥑 The Grocery Quest Game 🍊
</h1>

MERN Stack grocery shopping game.

## 🍓 Quick start 🍉
1.  **Setup Config.**
    
    Inside of ./config create a default.json file
    Copy contents of placeholder-default.json into your new default.json file
    Update the following fields:

    "port": ["PORT"], -> 5000 
    "dbName": ["DB_NAME"] -> name of database you created on mongoAtlas 
    "mongoURI": ["MONGO_URI"], -> use the "connect" option on your database on mongoAtlas to obtain your mongoURI
    "jwtSecret": ["JWT_SECRET"] -> create any secret phrase for Json Web Tokens, example "super-Secret-987"
}

2.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into The-Grocery-Quest-Game's directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd The-Grocery-Quest-Game/
    npm run dev
    ```

3.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Access client at: http://localhost:3000
    Access server at: http://localhost:5000/api/[endpoint]

## 🍅 Deploy 🥔

     ```shell
    heroku login
    heroku git:clone -a the-grocery-quest-game
    cd the-grocery-quest-game

    git add .
    git commit -am "commit message"
    git push heroku master
    ```

Commit message:

created db.js and replaced config with dotenv
db.js holds code for connecting to mongodb
cleaned up code from server.js by moving mongodb connection to db.js
replaced config package with new dotenv
will have to run npm i in ./ and ./server
will have to create new config.env

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  🥑 The Grocery Quest Game 🍊
</h1>

MERN Stack grocery shopping game.

## 🍓 Quick start 🍉
1.  **Setup Config.**
    
    1. Inside of ./config create a config.env file
    2. Copy the text below into your config.env file
    
        PORT = <PORT>
        MONGO_URI = <MONGO_URI>
        JWT_SECRET = <JWT_SECRET>

    3. Update the following fields:

        PORT = ["PORT"], -> 5000 
        MONGO_URI = ["MONGO_URI"], -> use the "connect" option on your database on mongoAtlas to obtain your mongoURI
        JWT_SECRET = ["JWT_SECRET"] -> create any secret phrase for Json Web Tokens, example "super-Secret-987"

    4. save config.env
    5. for more detailed instructions and examples refer to the README.md inside of ./config folder


2.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into The-Grocery-Quest-Game's directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd The-Grocery-Quest-Game/
    npm run dev
    ```

3.  **Open the source code and start editing!**

    Access client at: http://localhost:3000
    Access server at: http://localhost:5000/api/[endpoint]

## 🍅 Deploy 🥔

     ```shell
    heroku login
    heroku git:clone -a the-grocery-quest-game
    cd the-grocery-quest-game

    git add .
    git commit -am "commit message"
    git push heroku master
    ```
